# Academic Portfolio Website

Custom academic portfolio website forked from [manuarora700/simple-developer-portfolio-website](https://github.com/manuarora700/simple-developer-portfolio-website) because I wanted to learn how to use React and wanted to build in as much automation as I could. If you end up using this repo as a template, please do credit me as I've put in a lot of effort to making this website as low maintenance as I can. Thank you!

## Features

Below are features from the original repo:
- Responsive layout, works well on both Mobile and Desktop.
- Dark mode support. Click buttons to toggle dark mode and light mode.
- Clear React components and tailwind styling.

Below are the features that I added:
- Publication support. 
  - Workflow for automatically scraping Semantic Scholar for publications every 8 months.
  - Research tab for displaying publications with support for
    - Teaser
    - Abstract
    - Bibtex copying
    - Project website
    - GitHub link
- Simple website editing support. Only have to edit 3 files:
  - [`constants/data.json`](./constants/data.json): This is where you will have to edit the most as it contains all of the important data.
  - [`constants/data.js`](./constants/data.js): Edit this to change your description on the homepage. Also adds `encodedEmail`.
  - [`public/publications.bib`](./public/publications.bib): This is autogenerated from [`utils/update_publications.js`](./utils/publications.js). Feel free to edit this as you want and/or additional fields of `teaser`, `project`, and `github`. This is used to generate the publications that are displayed.

## Getting Started

First [fork this repo](https://github.com/gzhihongwei/gzhihongwei.github.io/fork) and clone it. Then make sure you have `node` and `npm` installed because this repo depends on them. Then run
```shell
npm ci
```
to install all dependencies. 

## Usage

As mentioned in [Features](#features), edit the files mentioned. To test out your changes, run
```shell
npm run dev
```
If you want to test that the website builds correctly, you can run
```shell
npm run build
```

## Bugs, Feature Requests, and Pull Requests

This repo should be functionally complete by now, but if there are any bugs, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/gzhihongwei/gzhihongwei.github.io/issues) and I'll try my best to fix it. Also if there are any feature requests, also feel free to open an issue and I will try and implement a feature if I see it being valuable. That being said, you can also submit a pull request if you implemented a feature that you believe would be valuable to others and I'll review it as soon as I can.
